Update element templates docs (#2789)
camunda/camunda-modeler: docs/element-templates/README.md

### JSON Schema Compatibility

The application uses the `$schema` property to ensure compatibility for a given element template. The latest supported [Camunda element templates JSON Schema versions](https://github.com/camunda/element-templates-json-schema) are

* `v0.7.0` (Camunda Platform)
* `v0.1.0` (Camunda Cloud)

> The Camunda Modeler will ignore element templates defining a higher `$schema` version. Although, it will log a warning message.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Camunda Modeler will ignore element templates defining a higher `$schema` version logging a warning message.
```

Author: Or

```markdown
The Camunda Modeler will ignore element templates defining a higher `$schema` version and will log a warning message.
```

| **Binding parameters**  | `name`: the name of the property  |
| **Mapping result** | `<... [name]=[userInput] ... />`  |

> The `property` binding is supported both in Camunda Platform and Cloud.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `property` binding is supported both in Camunda Platform and Cloud.

##### Camunda Platform Bindings
```

> The `property` binding is supported both in Camunda Platform and Cloud.

Reviewer: Also, for this binding I would add a heading (as below): `Bindings working for both, Camunda Platform and Camunda Cloud`

Author: Maybe `Product Agnostic Bindings`?

Reviewer: I like to have the explicit support in the headings. What about

```
Bindings for `Camunda Platform` or `Camunda Cloud`
Bindings for `Camunda Platform`
Bindings for `Camunda Cloud`
```

| **Binding parameters**  | `source`: the source of the output parameter |
| **Mapping result** | `<zeebe:output target="[userInput]" source="[source] />`  |

###### `zeebe:taskHeader`

| **Binding `type`**  | `zeebe:taskHeader`  |
|---|---|
| **Valid property `type`'s** | `String`<br /> `Text`<br />`Hidden`<br />`Dropdown` |
| **Binding parameters**  | `key`: the key of the task header |
| **Mapping result** | `<zeebe:header key="[key]" value="[userInput] />`  |

###### `zeebe:taskDefinition:type`

| **Binding `type`**  | `zeebe:taskDefinition:type`  |
|---|---|
| **Valid property `type`'s** | `String`<br /> `Text`<br />`Hidden`<br />`Dropdown` |
| **Binding parameters**  |  |
| **Mapping result** | `<zeebe:taskDefinition type="[userInput]" />` |

#### Optional Bindings

As of Camunda Modeler `v5.0.0`, we support optional bindings that do not persist empty values in the underlying BPMN 2.0 XML. 

If a user removes the value in the configured control, it will also remove the mapped element.

```json
[
  {
    "$schema": "https://unpkg.com/@camunda/zeebe-element-templates-json-schema/resources/schema.json",
    "name": "Task example",

>     "id": "some template",

Author: Good catch 👍
